---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-14T03:15:50.588Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-14T03:12:21.118Z'
title: About Us
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-14-about-us.md
published: true
url: about-us/index.html
_type: Article

---
For years, Brazilian born photographers **Rafael Ferreira** and **Mario Cardoso**
have worked together as photographers. In 2011, they made their 
partnership official with Aspectlux. Together, they have over 20 years 
of experience in the photography and graphic design industry.

When you enlist in the aid of Aspectlux, you shouldn't expect 
standard photographs. After all, Aspectlux was born on the foundation 
that beautiful photography is made primarily from the eye and the heart.
We invite you to view our portfolio page. After all, on a photography 
website, a picture should be worth more than a thousand words.

Throughout their career, the Aspectlux team has collected more state 
of the art photography equipment than their wives would permit. You 
would be hard pressed to find a team with a comparable equipment 
inventory. They've also built up quite the trophy case -- winning award 
after award for their work.

Aspectlux will take care of every single detail of your big day. We 
your pictures to last forever as a reminder of the joy you felt at every
turn. We understand that every couple is different, and that every 
event demands its own specific tools. So we'll work with you in advance 
to understand your needs and make sure every key moment is captured.

We don't want you to worry about anything on your big day. The smiles are so much nicer that way.