---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-14T03:15:50.564Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-14T03:13:04.286Z'
title: Bios
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-14-bios.md
published: true
url: bios/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Mario Cardoso** is a seasoned Art Director, with over 
10 years of experience working for world-renowned brands in advertising 
agencies across Brazil and Canada.

He discovered his true passion in photography 15 years ago, when his 
dad lent him his trusty Yashica FX-D to use as part of his studies. 
Soon, he was developing his own film and prints at the college lab, and 
exploring whatever tools were available at the time.

He dove into every form of photography from medium format film, to 
alternative cameras and development processes.   Year after year, he 
continued to improve his craft. Soon, he started working for advertising
agencies and celebrities. His work was published in some of the biggest
magazines and newspapers across Brazil.

**Rafael Ferreira** has been an Art Director and graphic
designer since 1990, He has worked in different agencies and studios in
Brazil, the United States and Canada. His design work has been 
recognized in a variety of industry publications worldwide, including 
Communication Arts, Extreme Graphics and Graphic Design Speak.

He's also an instructor -- teaching advertising, photography and 
graphic design courses at Mohawk College. In addition, Rafael has also 
given keynote addresses at conferences about advertising and graphic 
design.

In recent years, his passion for photography has taken over. It seems
like every week he brings home a new antique camera, or sees his work 
published in a new awards annual.

In just the last four years, his work has been awarded by the Coupe 
Photography Awards, as well as four separate photo exhibitions. He's 
published his own photography book and won the Chill Magazine 
photography competition. He also had the unique distinction of having 
his picture of the Paris opera house used as the backdrop for the 
official 25th anniversary performance of the Phantom of the Opera in 
London, England.